OCPBUGS-19833 Updating upgrade instruction from 410 (#66870)
openshift/openshift-docs: networking/metallb/metallb-upgrading-operator.adoc

This procedure does not apply to automatic z-stream updates of the MetalLB Operator, which follow the standard straightforward method.
====

> For detailed steps to upgrade the MetalLB Operator from 4.10 and earlier, see the guidance that follows. As a cluster administrator, start the upgrade process by deleting the MetalLB Operator by using the OpenShift Container Platform CLI or the web console.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For detailed steps to upgrade the MetalLB Operator from 4.10 and earlier, see the guidance that follows. As a cluster administrator, start the upgrade process by deleting the MetalLB Operator by using the OpenShift CLI (`oc`) or the web console.
```
